I am a Senior Research Specialist at the [Busara Center for Behavioral Economics](https://www.busara.global), Nairobi, Kenya.

Daniel is a Senior Research Specialist at the Busara Center for Behavioral Economics in Nairobi, managing Professor Johannes Haushofer (Stockholm University)'s academic projects in the fields of Behavioural and Development Economics. He has worked with researchers such as Edward Miguel (UC Berkeley), Dennis Egger (Oxford) and Toman Barsbai (Bristol). He was previously a Research Associate at INSEAD, assisting Professors Michael Freeman and Chun So Yeon in the Technology and Operations Management field of research. 

At Singapore Management University (SMU), he worked with faculty on projects in Development Economics and Economic Forecasting. Given his passion for research and teaching, Daniel is eager to pursue a PhD in Economics and career in academia thereafter. Through his research, he hopes to generate sound empirical evidence that can inform policy and academic debates. His current research interest is in Development Economics and its intersection with Behavioural Economics, the Economics of Education and Political Economy.
Daniel holds a Master of Science degree in Econometrics and Mathematical Economics from the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) and a Bachelor of Science degree (Summa Cum Laude) in Economics from SMU. He completed an Extended Essay in Labour Economics at the LSE titled "The Long-Term Impact of Universal Primary Education: Evidence from Nigeria". His passion for evidence-based policy and data-driven research led him to pursue the MITx MicroMasters in Data, Economics, and Development Policy. As an avid learner, Daniel constantly seeks to acquire new knowledge and skills through courses in Economics, Machine Learning, Applied Impact Evaluation and related fields.

__[Curriculum Vitae](/pdf/Han Song Herng Daniel_CV.pdf")__ (Updated April 2024)
